docs: update custom bentoserver guide (#2809)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/guides/server.rst

``bentoml.Service#api`` decorator. For example, the following code will assign the 
endpoint with URL ``/v1/models/iris_classifier/predict``, regardless of the API function name:

.. code-block:: python

    import numpy as np
    import bentoml
    from bentoml.io import NumpyNdarray

    iris_clf_runner = bentoml.sklearn.get("iris_clf:latest").to_runner()

    svc = bentoml.Service("iris_classifier", runners=[iris_clf_runner])

    @svc.api(
        input=NumpyNdarray(),
        output=NumpyNdarray(),
        route="v1/models/iris_classifier/predict"
    )
    def any_func_name(input_series: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
        result = iris_clf_runner.predict.run(input_series)
        return result

ASGI Middleware
---------------

Since the web serving layer is built with the Python ASGI protocol, users can use the
:code:`bentoml.Service#add_asgi_middleware` API to mount arbitrary
`ASGI middleware <https://asgi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/specs/main.html>`_ to change
anything they may need to customize in the HTTP request to response lifecycle, such as
manipulating the request headers, modifying the response status code, or authorizing access to an endpoint.

> Users can implement their own ASGI middleware class and use with BentoML,
> to checkout the existing middleware built by the Python community, such as:

Author: ```suggestion
Users can not only implement their own ASGI middleware class,
but also use existing middleware built by the Python web development community, such as:
```

Customize BentoServer
=====================

BentoServer architecture runs the BentoML Service API in an `ASGI <https://asgi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_

> web serving layer and Runners in a separate work process pool manged by BentoML. The ASGI web

Reviewer: For the recurring term of "web serving layer", should we just call it "web server" or "http server"?

Reviewer: We can discuss separately. No reason to hold on to this PR.

> BentoServer architecture runs the BentoML Service API in an `ASGI <https://asgi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
> web serving layer and Runners in a separate worker process pool managed by BentoML. The ASGI web

Author: ```suggestion
BentoML Server runs the Service API in an `ASGI <https://asgi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
web serving layer and puts Runners in a separate worker process pool managed by BentoML. The ASGI web
```

serving layer will expose REST endpoints for inference APIs, such as ``POST /predict`` and common
infrastructure APIs, such as ``GET /metrics`` for monitoring.

Since the web serving layer is usually front-facing for applications to consume predictions,
BentoML offers a number of ways for users to customize its behaviors. This guide will dive
into these available options.

Custom Endpoint URL
-------------------

By default, the inference APIs are generated from the ``@api`` defined within a
``bentoml.Service``. The URL route for the inference API is determined by the function
name. Take the sample service from our tutorial for example, the function name ``classify``
will be used for generating the REST API URL ``/classify``:

.. code-block:: python

    svc = bentoml.Service("iris_classifier", runners=[iris_clf_runner])

>     @svc.api(input=NumpyNdarray(), output=NumpyNdarray())\

Author: ```suggestion
    @svc.api(input=NumpyNdarray(), output=NumpyNdarray())
```

    def classify(input_arr):
        ...

However, user can customize this URL endpoint via the ``route`` option in the
``bentoml.Service#api`` decorator. For example, the following code will generate an

> endpoint with URL `/v1/models/iris_classifier`, regardless of the API function name:

Author: ```suggestion
endpoint with URL ``/v1/models/iris_classifier``, regardless of the API function name:
```

    svc.add_asgi_middleware(HTTPSRedirectMiddleware)

Fully Customized Endpoints
--------------------------

> BentoML provides first-class support for bundling existing WSGI or ASGI app into a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BentoML provides first-class support for mounting existing WSGI or ASGI apps onto the
```

> BentoServer's web serving layer, to fully extend BentoML's REST API to adapt to your

Author: ```suggestion
BentoML Server's web serving layer, to fully extend BentoML's REST API to adapt to your
```

> BentoServer's web serving layer, to fully extend BentoML's REST API to adapt to your
> needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
web serving layer, to enable common use cases such as serving existing Python web applications alongside
the models, performing custom authentication and authorization, handling GET requests and web UIs, or
providing streaming capabilities.
```

> Use this method if you want to serve existing Python Web applications with your models,
> or if you need to customize the API request handling to handle authentication, GET requests,
> custom web UI, or provide HTTP streaming endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    from pydantic import BaseModel
    from fastapi import FastAPI

    class IrisFeatures(BaseModel):
        sepal_len: float
        sepal_width: float
        petal_len: float
        petal_width: float

    bento_model = bentoml.sklearn.get("iris_clf_with_feature_names:latest")
    iris_clf_runner = bento_model.to_runner()

    svc = bentoml.Service("iris_fastapi_demo", runners=[iris_clf_runner])

    @svc.api(input=JSON(pydantic_model=IrisFeatures), output=NumpyNdarray())
    def predict_bentoml(input_data: IrisFeatures) -> np.ndarray:
        input_df = pd.DataFrame([input_data.dict()])
        return iris_clf_runner.predict.run(input_df)

    fastapi_app = FastAPI()
    svc.mount_asgi_app(fastapi_app)

    @fastapi_app.get("/metadata")
    def metadata():
        return {"name": bento_model.tag.name, "version": bento_model.tag.version}

    # For demo purpose, here's an identical inference endpoint implemented via FastAPI
    @fastapi_app.post("/predict_fastapi")
    def predict(features: IrisFeatures):
        input_df = pd.DataFrame([features.dict()])
        results = iris_clf_runner.predict.run(input_df)
        return { "prediction": results.tolist()[0] }

>     # For demo purpose, here's an identical inference endpoint implemented via FastAPI

Author: ```suggestion
    # BentoML Runner's async API is recommended for async endpoints
```

    @fastapi_app.post("/predict_fastapi_async")
    async def predict_async(features: IrisFeatures):
        input_df = pd.DataFrame([features.dict()])
        results = await iris_clf_runner.predict.async_run(input_df)
        return { "prediction": results.tolist()[0] }

> This goes the same for ASGI web applications built with any ASGI framework other than
> FastAPI as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to FastAPI, application mounting is supported for any ASGI web applications built with any frameworks adhering to the ASGI standards.
```

> This goes the same for ASGI web applications built with any ASGI frameworks other than

Author: ```suggestion
This goes the same for ASGI web applications built with any ASGI framework other than
```
